Knock, knock. Who's there? It's me, Wolf. Wolf who? It's Wolf the dog. Well, I don't
know you. Well, you're about to, baby. Open the damn door of your mind and let me in to
feast upon your brain energy. Y'all know I'm here and devouring all wave-based energies
in my path live from 694.2 PTBP. This week's Howlin' with Wolf is from Agent Sean McFarland.
He writes, Mr. Wolf the dog, be advised that you are currently violating section 301 of
the Communications Act regarding your broadcast of a pirate radio signal. The response team
has been dispatched and are authorized to sanction any and all participants in this
signal up to and including incarceration, discorporealization, and dimensional shunting.
Your broadcast must be ceased immediately in the area known as The City to avoid these
measures. Your compliance is mandatory. You cannot escape us. Abandon all hope, your friends
at the FCC. Hahaha. Uh, FCC, huh? What does that even stand for? No one could possibly
know. Probably some fake mumbo jumbo just to scare me into exile. But, uh, that never
happened. I just, uh, gotta pack a few things real quick. Remember, if you wanna write up
something for your wolf to how, tag at PretendingPod on Instagram or Twitter, tag PretendingToBePeople
on Facebook, or write a 5 star review on iTunes and email us at PretendingPod at gmail.com.
If you want this show to grow and not plateau, you know you gotta crow like an impresario
with the flow of Bordeaux and show every Joe Blow what's good on the radio. Something,
something dildo. But seriously, type about me on the internet. It gives a wolfie the
strength he needs. Y'all, we had a little contest slash giveaway over on the subreddit
at r slash PretendingToBePeople. Huge shout out to user Totoro's Bang Bus on Reddit for
supplying two D&D 5th edition starter sets and a bunch of dice to give away. The first
winner here will receive one of those D&D 5th edition starter sets and five sets of
dice. And that lucky listener is user Curry Chicken Salad. Let's see, oh hell yeah, they
drew the page in the leather bound book found at Jim Cook's house. It is only through death
that he may rise again. The second winner will receive the other D&D 5th edition starter
set, five sets of dice, and a box of D&D dungeon tiles. Luke claims he touched these tiles
so hard. And all that is going to user AnonAnonono. Oh, this dirty motherfucker right here wrote
that fanfic that physically shipped Joe and Clark Bishop. Jesus, man. Seriously, y'all.
Go read that delicious slop if you haven't yet. It should be canon. And that leaves us
with the final winner, the contest winner. Now, this shit ain't random. The boys picked
the favorite entry, and they are proud to present a hardback slip case set of Delta
Green, the role playing game two user SM Farlander. I have a note here from my producer. This
absolutely stellar piece of art made my heart beat out of my chest. The attention to detail,
especially the Polaroids in the background, blew me away and made the immense amount of
time I put into this show feel worth it. Seriously. Thank you. All right, y'all. That's
all well and good, but let's focus now. Fuck the news. The halftime show is just finishing
up and taking us directly into the heart of the scrap pit is kudzu with no back bone.
The jam. Come on and slam if you want to jam. Work that body, work that body, make
sure you don't hurt nobody. Get back, lose your mind. Shake it, break it. Overtime. Hey,
DJ. Turn it up. UCD, you're gonna burn it up. Come on, come on, let's unfold. Say whoop.
There it is. And welcome back to the scrap pit after that incredible halftime show from
Mary Nightingale and the senior citizens. We appreciate your efforts and contributions
to this society here, Mary, and we appreciate everything you've done for the family and
the science. And we are back looking at the massive fight between Planet Juggernaut versus
Oz, Mayhem, Wolf, and Friends, which is just now turned into at friends. What do we think,
Big? This has been a whirlwind. Not as big as a bloodbath as I was expecting, but I am
still quite sated by what I've seen. Six times four rounds. We are 24 seconds into this fight
and boy, howdy. Has it been crazy? But you are right. Traditionally, most contestants
do not make it past the second round here where they are stuck in the pit, in the scrap pit with
Planet Juggernaut. Taking him down to the floor. Yeah, Clark Bishop. All right, Clark Bishop,
you're first. Last we left off, Planet Juggernaut was doing this rolling attack. Has he come to a
stop or is he still rolling around the arena? He was rolling around, but would you rather be still
attached or would you rather be not attached to him with your hands up in him? I would rather be
not attached. Okay, then roll Sanity to decide if you are. Having almost died and being flung
about while still attached to this Planet Juggernaut has led you to rethink some things.
Maybe you're not a god, but maybe that death magic. That's a failure over my fucking power.
All right. That's what I like to see. Go ahead and roll a d4 for me for almost dying.
That's a one. All right, you're only going to lose one Sanity. What's that put you at, five?
I'm at five. Boy, howdy. And in your state of rage, it's hard for me not to jump into,
and in your state of rage, it's my default voice now. Theoretically, Planet Juggernaut is the
closest to me at this point. Theoretically, that is correct. So I'm going to try and wail on him
with my craziness, with my disorder. I don't really have much left up my sleeve. Oh, I've
still got a sniper rifle I haven't used yet. I'm going to pull that out. Awesome. It's got armor
piercing bullets. It's real high powered. My hope is to rip a hole through the son of a bitch. Okay,
so as you go to make this attack, I'm going to need you to roll a Constitution because
inside this dome, we can call it like a biosphere now because wind begins to whip about and form
a slight tornado in the corner and it is moving through toward you. It's picked up
some of Oz Mayhem Wolf's leftovers. Joe just showed us some of his leftovers.
He did a human spit take there. No water involved. No drink necessary.
Just spit on your lip and I'm ready to go. All right, so you will need to roll a Constitution
here in order to hold on to your sniper rifle as this high powered wind velocity
is raging toward you. That's a pass. So you hold on strong and fire your firearm.
A dodge is not necessary because it's impossible to dodge bullets. I pass this one a 34 on an 80.
All right, high powered sniper is going to be 2d10 damage. Nice. That's a 10, right? Yeah. Oh,
yeah. So 17. Planet Juggernaut takes 17 damage as these rounds just pierce.
You actually, a couple of them fly through and they're through and throughs and they fly through
the other side and hit the dome. And once again, you feel the dome, it like takes the energy and
disperses it through the entire dome and the ground that you're standing on. So you all feel
this tremble and it actually knocks Keith Vigna loose from the dome. Like I meant to do, of course.
Exactly. Keith Vigna, it's not your turn, but I'm going to have you go ahead and roll a
dexterity or athletics to fall gracefully instead of hurting yourself. Do we see anything in the
through and through? Oh no, I fail. Okay. So you are, you're going to take a d6 of falling damage.
That's five. And you fall right on your back and much like the upside down of a belly flop.
Joe, you asked about the through and through of the bullets and looking through, you just see
wires and mechanical bits in the very small holes that have been gauged through this massive orb,
machine planet, even of juggernaut proportions. God, it was John was here.
Thomas, is there any activity in Marvin glasses booth? Go ahead and roll a 50 50 shot. I'm a
giant robot 57. So you wanted me to roll over 50 right? I wanted you to roll over 50 and you
the curtains in Marvin glasses booth began rustling much like Jimmy's old school. I mean,
you know that the brand of curtains are Jimmy's curtains and boy, howdy. Are they just wrestling
about? Interesting. Okay. How close am I to either of them? Close enough. I want to try to grab and
pick them both up. Okay. Uh, so we'll do an unarmed competition between each of them
individually. And because you have two actions, typically you don't take a negative on either of
those attacks. So what are, what are we rolling? We're rolling unarmed, unarmed combat against
my fighting. Yes. I pass with a 19. Yeah. I fail with a 96. Okay. I pass with a 14. So that,
that means I miss Keith, but you grab a hold of Clark Bishop. What do you, uh,
Clark Bishop is being held in the, what kind of, uh, like finger arm hands are we dealing with
here with planet juggernaut Thomas? Just fucking giant, like extendo arms and then big comical,
like Disney gloves. Go, go gadget Mickey gloves. We were on the same wavelength for that.
So we're talking four fingers here, four fingers, um, the black lines over each finger.
Uh, so I bring Clark up to me, up to my laser eyes and, and planet juggernaut tries to speak.
Awesome. Can planet juggernaut speak? Yeah, but make it weird.
From within the depths of this saying, you just hear
it's me. It's John. I don't want to fight you.
We've got to find a way out of here and into Marvin Glass's booth.
Can we kill them together? It's almost turning into Mickey Mouse.
No, you want to hear Mickey Mouse. That's Mickey Mouse. You don't know what the fuck
Mickey sounds like. Hey everybody, let's kill Marvin Glass. No, I sounded like this.
Exactly. Like Mickey Mouse. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. My earphones are turned up to high pitch or
something. Okay. Planet juggernaut takes his turn. You want to eat my ass?
Okay. Keith Vigna, you fell on your back and it hurt. Yeah. Um, and you hear, uh, out of the
corner of your ear, this noise from the depths of the big ball. I don't know if at his distance,
he hears anything other than creaking metal, like weirdness. I love it. Yeah. I get up,
Keith gets up and, um, he looks over at them and in his paranoia, he links juggernaut talking
to Clark as them working together against me. So I set up, I set up my 50 cal mounted machine gun
and just let loose at both of them. Incredible. So here's what we're going to do. First off,
the tornado that is flying through the scrap pit currently is going to try to offset.
Thank you. Oh man. We're not in Kansas anymore. It's an unseasonably warm night in contention.
The tornado is coming for you. You got to roll a constitution check to hold steady in this moment.
Can I, uh, add a little bit to use my suction gloves onto the ground and my mounted machine
gun? Give yourself a plus 40. Then I win. That gives me 110. All right. With 110. See if you
crit. Oh, that's true. See if you crit. I crit succeed. You're very stuck. So you're so,
you're so stuck into the ground that I will give you a plus 40% to your firearms check. But since
you're firing at both of them, it would be a negative 40 to fire both of them. So it'll even
out to shoot at both of them. And it's going to be one roll up and down to hit both together.
It's a 90. That's a 99 again. So that is a crit fail.
Wow. That's two 99 in a row. Yeah. From, from the Prince to the, to the popper place. Uh, you,
you boy, you, you just can't, can't seem to do this. What, what do you, uh, what do you think?
Uh, so I unsuction, oh no, I'm still suctioned down with one hand. I grab the mounted machine
gun with my other hand, but the force of it is so powerful. I definitely needed two hands to
shoot this. And it just starts kind of spinning around and just hitting the walls and like kind
of gets near them, but by no means would it be hitting them. So with a critical failure on that,
even though you critically succeeded on the strength to hold down, I'm going to say that
while you fire and it's wagging about all over the place, you yourself lose control of your own
suctions and get swept away in this tornado as your gun stays put on the ground, along with
your shoes. Oh no, my shoe. And you are currently flying through the air, limbs akimbo, shoes missing
and everyone can see that burned on the bottom of your left foot is the name Maggie. As the tornado
whips you about in the scrap pit. And that is the end of round five here at the scrap pit. We had
a hell of a round this time. The old tornado came out to play and Clark Bishop was able to hold on
dear Lord tightly and he snipes away, landing a couple shots all the way through planet juggernaut,
but he was quick to turn and pick up Clark Bishop straight off the ground. What do we think about
all that? Dick, Nickles, Dick, Nickles. You know, Clark Bishop, a reported victim of death magic
has flung himself into quite a frenzy. Any rifle at our best friend planet juggernaut, perhaps he
wants robot blood to fill his tummy with. What do you think they were talking about out there? They
seem to have some sort of low vibrating communication going on. Yeah, you know, it's crazy.
I've never seen planet juggernaut try to talk before. Did you hear him talking? I heard something
that made my nuts feel weird. It vibrated both at a certain frequency that I have yet to find in
this world that I am going to look on the internet to find that out later. You know, it sounded like
a crying refrigerator to me. I don't know about you. I hate when my refrigerator's sad. And when
moving on, we see Keith Vigna falls off from his safe place up on the top of the dome and he falls
straight on his back, immediately slamming his gun into position. But he loses that right off
the bat as the tornado sweeps him away and leaving his shoes stuck to the floor. You know, it's crazy
to me. Everyone keeps losing their shoes here. I haven't seen so many shoes lost in one match before.
Can no one stay shooed? We'll find out later.
But first, let's jump to our regular segment here in the scrap pit. Let's get some fighting pro
tips from Alfred and Jermaine Glass. I believe we have a pre-recorded session for tonight. Oh,
wait. Nope. I'm hearing that it's up for some reason. We're getting the live feed here. Oh,
and we see the video screen on the, uh, the giant jumbotron is just a video shot of a dark room with
a single light on it. And you see a young man in the shadows of the room who has just cradled
himself into the fetal position and he's rocking back and forth.
A gun. Some sort of gun. He disappeared. It came after him. It came after him and it disappeared.
He didn't have a chance in the gun. The gun disappeared. I mean, one disappeared,
the other disappeared. Why didn't I disappear? If I don't disappear, where's the girl? The
girl came in. I just, I don't know what to, I don't, it's the gun. It's the gun. Oh,
boy. Howdy. Thank you for that. Alfred, we seem to have gotten a weird connection there
from Alfred Glass. Those are bad. I don't think we got any fighting pro tips there,
did we Dick? No, I don't think so at all. He seemed a man possessed by something to me.
If you yourself are in the scrap pit, I would not suggest rolling up in a fetal position. All right,
let's get back into the fight with the top of the round. So we got Clark Bishop at the top of round
six. Clark is wide-eyed having heard this mechanical planet juggernaut beast speaking
to him and claiming to be John. But this isn't the first time that he's had somebody who doesn't
look like John tell him he's John. So he's all ears. Roll sanity for me. John is always around
you, Clark. What am I rolling? Oh, sanity. Fuck. Oh, my God. So fucking close. It's a seven on a
five. Damn, dude. You were right there. All right. Well, you're going to take a D4 of sanity damage
here. What? No. Oh, good. It's four. Oh, my God. I've got one sanity. Look out, world. Clark Bishop
is fucking losing his mind. It's fine with me. It sucks, but it's fine. But Clark, having lost
all the sanity, he is convinced. He didn't need much to believe that this is John talking to him
now. So I want to stand on the palm of the hand that I've been gripped in and I'm raising my
hands up to where I think Planet Juggernaut's eyes and face are. John, you're you're you're in there.
It's really me, buddy. You got you got to help us. You look like you're losing your mind.
Maybe Clark probably starts like babbling at this point, like half listening to you
and losing his mind. But there's Keith and there's a tornado.
Don't worry about what happens to Keith. Let's just kill Marvin Blass.
And with that, it is Planet Juggernaut's turn. Go ahead and roll a fifty fifty shot here,
depending on whether or not you roll lower or higher. We'll see what you're trying to roll.
That was a joke about last time. Twenty five. Congratulations. That's a success.
Okay. What was I rolling for? Planet Juggernaut, you have these, like I said earlier, Oz Mayhem
Wolf had this visor on his helmet that made it hard for you to track his movements. So I'm
picturing like full blown like robot vision for you and your robot vision as you're talking to
Clark Bishop, who's standing in the palm of your hand, blinks in the crowd and you see that there's
specific movement and you actually you see a young, bald, fit man with sunken, intense eyes
wearing a black T-shirt and jeans. And he is walking through the crowd and he is heading
directly for an exit that is nearby Marvin Glass's box. That's all. It's your turn.
Planet Juggernaut looks at Joe and he's like, it'll be fine, buddy. And they hover off.
It's Joe! They hover off.
I didn't say Joe. You're going crazy.
So we hover off towards the part of the dome that the box is behind and I gently set Clark
down on the ground and then I just reel both robot fists back and I want to smash the wall.
Roll strength for me. That's a pass. I have 315 strength.
We found the giant robot rule spec out from Pulp Cthulhu and we're using some of those
stats for Planet Juggernaut. I have 315, so.
Yeah, just roll an up and down check there. Let's see if you critically succeed here.
Oh, 60. Oh, 69!
House rules, baby. That's fucking gorgeous.
Thomas, Planet Juggernaut reaches out its arms and pulls them back to get as much momentum
as Donkey Kongingly possible. And as it swings forward and pounds its giant mechanical Mickey
Mouse pants into the dome, your hands, they like stick immediately. You feel like the adhesive
from the dome, but they power through and the entire dome slowly creaks and the whole thing
splinters like a spider on a spider web. If you'll let me describe something real quick.
I would love for you to describe something real quick.
Before the place just erupts in terrified screams, there is a dead silence as people
see this thing crack, but you hear the loudest woo.
Yes, my boy! Planet Juggernaut! Woo!
This guy, the trip from Akron was worth it for a day.
And the entire dome shatters into this strange dust that just floats down. Okay,
so my favorite fireworks are the ones that go boom. And then as it like comes up,
you don't really see it. And then you hear just like boom. And then there's a giant round. It's
all like the gold. Oh yeah. And it's like pop rocks. I know the boys you mean. Like weeping
willows. Yes. And then it just like, oh, and then it comes. And that's exactly what this dome looks
like as it pours down. And people start losing their fucking minds. But rounds are only six
seconds. So we've got time. Keith Vigno, you're up. What are you doing? As soon as this happens,
Keith's first thought after he had been sucked up into the tornado was that that was my only
chance to get rid of my two enemies now. So now that I'm surrounded by bloodthirsty people,
I'm aiming my nitro thrower just at everybody in the arena around me and just like
blasting them with it. And in an attempt to freeze people so I can escape. Roll firearms.
That's a pass. How many people do you want to hurt?
So how many people are in this arena completely? What did you roll on the dice? A 37. You
37 people get frozen solid as they're like trying to make their honestly they're just really scared
and trying to like leave and you make fucking damn sure that they can't. Yep. That's what I do.
All right, that's the end of round six. And what a so horrifying round of this fight. Boy,
howdy. I have never seen anything like this happen. Are you scared for your life, Nick?
I am absolutely terrified right now, brother. In the background,
Planet Juggernaut just lets out like a T-Rex roar from Jurassic Park.
Oh, wait, that's a that's what he does. Oh, okay, cool.
That's the closest idea. Did you like that? Yeah, man. It was just like I was in
Jurassic Park for the first time. Yeah. All right, Nick. No matter how scared we are,
we have to continue to do. It's our job and we take it extremely seriously, don't we, Nick? Yes,
we take it quite seriously to report this action the minute it happens. So let's go ahead and give
a recap there. We had Clark Bishop, who seemingly for the first time in any scrap pit combat,
has become friends with Planet Juggernaut. When he held him in his hand, the two seemed to talk
to each other for some time. Now, I certainly read this that Clark seems to have fallen in
love with the giant mechanical monstrosity, as we all have at one time or another. Ship them and I
will watch it. The allure of metal spheres is great for the Nichols family. Am I right, brother?
You could not be more wrong. Or the opposite of what I just said.
Less wrong. I agree with you whole cloth. And Planet Juggernaut, I mean, what a performance.
I have never seen a slave monster robot breaking shackles in such an entertaining and firework
explode-y type way. It was really something. He did quite a big smash, I think is what we call it
in the fighting community. That is right. He was the original who came up with that move. Who was
that back in 1947? The original big smash came from? Mike Tyson. Hey guys, thanks for having me
come in on the booth. I just wanted to give a quick shout out to Planet Juggernaut for using
my cool move that I came up with in 1947. Thanks, Big Smash Mike Tyson. And it's a pleasure to be
here. And we got... Keith Vigna, in a true show of his own colors, turns on the crowd and sprays
some sort of terrible, terrible, obnoxious, freezing gas all over them. Freezing about,
if my math is right, what do you think that was, like 37 to me? Yeah, you know, he froze
37 people, but I'd say at least 15 of those were small children. Oh, goodness gracious. We all
know that those lives are boring board. So that makes us sadder. It's like, welcome to family
night. 12 and under getting free. Let's head down now to a little interview section where we talk
to some of the crowd here at the scrap pit. We've got Jeremiah Johnson down in the crowd and ready
to talk. Hey everybody, it's Jeremiah Johnson. I'm here with three individuals that it seems like
are at least half to fully frozen in some sort of liquid that has covered them. This first person
puts the mic up to your mouth. Yeah, that's really interesting. Thanks for coming to the
scrap pit tonight and let's move on to the second person here and holds up the mic to you. So cold.
Oh yeah, it is cold in here. I've asked them if they could make it warmer, but they say the body
heat makes it so that we need to turn the thermostats way down and also we're underground,
so it's always cold. And the third person who's here, their mouth seems to be a little bit more
unstuck. Hey there Jeremiah. It looks like Keith there got me mostly from the waist down. I'm
rooted in place here and I'm telling you what, I'm terrified. How does it feel to be frozen from the
waist down, sir? It doesn't feel good. And real quick, what's your name? Charles Snort.
I'm Charles Snort. I came here to take advantage of the family night. Is this your child next to
you on the lot that we just interviewed? No, I don't know where my child is at this point.
As he says that, we see in the background from the curtains over the box. What is that called?
Box seats? Just the box? The box where the curtains are up, the Jimmy's curtains,
are swaying and trembling and then all of a sudden an exorbitant amount of dirty water
filled with different kinds of fish and a few humanoid figures explodes out of this theater box
like a rushing waterfall cascading down multiple stories, the torrential downpour flowing steadily
into the scrap pit. Can we see or recognize the bodies? Nope, not currently. It is just about
four bodies that are all flying haphazardly, mostly covered in the water. And with that,
we will head to the top of round seven. Clark Bishop, it is your turn. I'm essentially wanting
to see, like I've seen this torrent of water coming out of up there, but I'm really wanting
to see hopefully Marvin. I'm assuming that's where he would be. Sure. I pass a 32 on a 70.
What you're gonna see is a few things. These four bodies, two of which are a short young woman and
a tall old man, both wearing black suits, black ties, white shirts, ill-fitting windbreakers,
and you see that FBI has written on the back of them. They decided to wear their FBI windbreakers
into the scrap pit and they flew over the water. There's also the bald man wearing the black t-shirt
and the jeans, who you would recognize as Billy Harrison, and the other two is Agent
Kennedy and Agent McKinley. And the fourth body you see is tall and gaunt and wearing a black
tuxedo and the skin stretched across these long bones and it is Marvin Glass. And the four bodies
are all washed down so hard. The water pushes them so hard it pushes them into the scrap pit with you.
Water is now filling up the coliseum and as that happens the dome begins to regrow. With that
alertness roll, can I tell, are they conscious? All four bodies are conscious? They're just being
swept away? That is correct. I mean I'd like to take a shot at Marvin with my turn if I see that
happen. You do see that happen and you may take a shot at Marvin with your turn. I'm gonna do that
with that sniper rifle. I already head out. Pass a 16 on an 80. Roll 2d10 for damage.
Uh 14. Uh yeah 14. Nice. As soon as he lands you put three bullets in him.
As he gets fucking pissed. He hates it. He hates getting shot. Oh man I fucking hate getting shot.
He fucking hates getting shot. Planet juggernaut it's your turn. I watched these bodies fall and
I turn around and I'm just bringing both fists down on Marvin. Roll fighting. I guess uh one
and then the other. Fail the first one. God damn it two fails. You splash on both sides of him
into the water and it I mean if anything it's intimidating. Before I've used all my actions
I want to say. Clark jump on me and save yourself from the rising waters.
Keith Vigna it's your turn. I see the water come in. I'm no longer concerned with the uh frozen
people. They've calmed my nerves uh because they are not moving. I see that. Everybody's relaxed.
I turn around. Everybody be cool. I turn around and I see Marvin Glass and I I see those shots
go into him and then I see you know juggernaut pound and I can't see whether he misses or not
but I let loose a stream of frozen nitro and just try to freeze Marvin Glass into place and
the water around him. Go ahead and roll firearms.
It's a fail. Actually you know what? You're gonna spend some luck. I'm gonna spend some luck. Yes.
Nice. I'm gonna spend 19 points of luck to make that a success. Absolutely. What's that put your
luck at? Uh 30 minus 19 is 11 if that's weird. Plus five so 16. All right. I didn't know what
your luck was at. Good guess. Fucking clearly. I just let loose all the rest of the fuel I guess
that I have in this. Just spraying on Marvin and all around him on the water and just try to
completely icicle him. And that is what happens. Oh at the end of round seven. Oh my goodness.
Nick Nichols. Nick Nick Nick Nichols. What do you think about all that? What a season it's been
today. What a season. Oh my goodness. I have not seen such sportsmanship here in a long time. And
you know what's interesting? A sort of people stew is starting to be made down there and believe me
brother I'm ready to dive in and get me a mouthful. I love two things in this world. One is stew and
the second is crawfish boils. And boy howdy is this the first one. All right. In that first
round oh boy in round seven we had Clark Bishop who when we saw the water start pouring from the
box where Marvin Glass typically resides with his whole retinue of Kevin and Rosemary and
worm figures and Francis Beans we really did not expect that. What a boy howdy they just flew right
on out of there with some people that I personally did not recognize. Did you recognize any of those
people? I don't know most of those people. And so Clark Bishop he takes a shot right
at Marvin Glass. All hail Marvin Glass. All hail Marvin Glass. And he fires true making him public
into being number one here today. He is really taking a heel turn here in the scrap pit. And
Planet Juggernaut he needed tips to help out punching down on either side of Marvin Glass
spraying water up all earth planes. What do we think about that? You know it's crazy you
mentioned a heel turn but really Planet Juggernaut is taking quite a turn also. Is it now its own
robot beholden to no man? Is free will even real? You could say that again. Is free will even real?
You could say that again. Is free will even real? Amazing and in the last Keith Vigna there he goes
ahead and uses his weird gun that I personally have never seen used here in the scrap pit that
makes the nitro freeze and it freezes all the way down and he makes a little icicle a little
popsicle there. Marvin Glassicle if you will and he is fully surrounded in frozen water. I'd just
like to say when Marvin screamed I definitely didn't not shit my pants. And before what I'm
guessing is the final round of combat here at the scrap pit tonight we're gonna go ahead and
send it over to a crowd favorite over at our jumbotron it is the dance of the silver ball.
And you guys look up at the jumbotron and you see there are three skulls that pop up on the screen
and one of the skulls cracks open and there's a small silver ball sitting underneath them and it
goes into one of the skulls and then the skulls all do a little dance to the music and then
halfway through one of the skulls opens up and the sphere comes out of it and goes into a different
one and then it gets faster the second time around and then when it's done it's weird because
everyone would be like really freaked out by what's happening but for the most part people
love the dance of the silver spear so everyone's just like two two three two one two and it opens
and it was one and people continue to flee they've all turned around at the exits
all right wow what a crazy sphere dance all right let's get back to the action
it was clark clark bishop it's your turn it's the top of round eight and at the top of round eight
the floor begins to shake and vibrate as the dome fully rounds itself back out in a very fun
magical fashion it pieces together a wholly new dome that is still made out of this crystal clear
material however the ground begins rumbling violently it's your turn what do you want to do
i'm going to make a mad dash for planet juggernaut and on my way i'm going to yell
keith planet juggernaut's john and i keep going
and i try and climb just like up onto planet juggernaut whatever the easiest way to do that is
sure you uh what would be the easiest way to do that thomas uh there's any number of convenient
like access ports and uh crevices in my hardware and you just like assassin's creed your way right
up there nice and that's my whole action i'm just gonna ride out whatever's gonna happen next with
my giant buddy awesome uh planet juggernaut it's your turn planet john or not have you had that
locked and loaded for a week no two um so he's he's like hold on tight buddy he wants to rush
up towards the ceiling like the dome before it closes in on itself and like try to get out the
other side amazing you're gonna need to make a um what's it called a roll for that i don't know
what you'll be rolling here um did you succeed doing a lot of yeah 50 50s so 38 38 that's a
great roll thomas hey thanks man it's it's nice to feel appreciated well you reiki'd the dice just
right and i forgot to this time well then that's just luck i wasn't cheating with my mind it's
real all right so all right it's real yeah what do you want to do man i want to send one extendo
arm like flying out towards keith vigna um as the other one is like reaching up towards an opening
at the top of the dome they're both like zipping out from the main body like kind of at equal
speeds and one one is gonna try to just like pick up keith and take him with us as the other
one launches us through like as i see him arm reach out to me i throw down my riot shield
ride it towards him like a surfboard yeah send a saw right in the middle of the icicle that is
marvin glass and throw my arms up in order for him to have a good grip on me there's a rule in
tabletop role-playing games that many people call the rule of cool so that all happens yeah
i love you
can i roll some damage no okay cool what happens next is fucking bonkers but first let's recap
what just happened clark bishop sprinted across to planet juggernaut while screaming out to keith
that john is planet juggernaut clark then began climbing up this massive metal sphere keith threw
down his riot shield like motherfucking electric shock and skim boarded toward planet juggernaut
while he pulled out his soft winging crossbow and fired a circular saw blade into the brendan
fraser style cube of icy trapped marvin glass in brendan fraser he was that one right yeah and
oh uh leaning tower of cheezah guy is there and you see him in the crowd and he says something cool
and then the ground the floor of the scrap pit begins to pulsate like it's breathing it expands
to the point of breaking and up through these metal shards that once made up the stage of the
scrap pit comes flowing and bubbling hot liquid magma the floor is lava and planet juggernaut
after gogo gadgeting one mickey mouse hand to swoop up keith vigna and the other to fling
yourself and your insane compatriots up out of the scrap pit as the dome completes its
reincarnation you look down and see marvin glass frozen in some strange chemical compound
disappear into the lava and you are standing on top of the dome of the scrap pit what do you want
to do i i plopped the boys into a little pocket in my juggernaut shirt that i've been wearing this
whole time a big t-shirt that says planet juggernaut and i rolled down the dome straight
to where the announcers are nick nichols what do you think about this new thing that is currently
happening we are seeing planet juggernaut with two friends rolling straight towards us now i hope
it's for a warm embrace because we're as big as fans you do see his arms like outstretched
towards you oh my god look at his arms they're all outstretched toward him let's give this big
fella a hug nick and nick nichols both are holding up their arms in a hug-like manner
and the last thing they see is two giant mickey mouse gloves swooping in to just embrace them
oh with death
so
the screen goes dark
and in this darkness we hear some music that justin made
oh that's justin this is really good oh wow thanks guys it's good i like that i worked really hard
on it that's a good melody on that cool sounds man oh what a sick drum solo right here
i've been practicing did you get steven tyler do vocals on this no
oh no you're right it's seal yes oh son is this song in five four that's right that's
wow yeah you really went above and beyond on this one dude i definitely know how to do that
the darkness one two three four five four one two three
i like to think of it as a waltz with a two beat after each one two three one two one two three
one two okay so we see a road i'm picturing the camera like on the ground in the middle of the
two lanes trees line both sides and reach over blending together creating an autumnal canopy
a rabbit recklessly races across the patchy pavement leaving behind a trail of blood thick
enough to assume the animal's fate a car flies over the top of the camera driving furiously down
the center of the road it's a boxy black sedan and it's trailed closely by a four-wheeler
the two vehicles turn right on a gravel road and we pan over following them to see a wooden sign
for the contention woods and text at the bottom of the screen reads 25 years earlier
holy shit yeah fuck yeah
she runs
the sun
to dance beneath the dance beneath the shadow of the moon
oh
hello there dear listener it is i your narrative sherpa wolf the dog standing self-assured on this
massive mountain of information if you're a bit hazy on all the details of the story so far fear
not go check out episode 96 for a recap of episodes 1 through 23 episode 97 for a recap
of episodes 24 through 46 and know that you are not alone much love yours both truly and falsely
wolf the dog